Don't normalize file patterns (#131)
rokucommunity/roku-deploy: README.md

}
```
#### { src; dest } Object Rules

>  - if `src` is required to follow glob style (i.e. forward-slashes only). You can learn more [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-glob?activeTab=readme#how-to-write-patterns-on-windows).

Reviewer: I think the original message was actually correct, and gets lost with the new message. The point of this comment is "if you reference 1 file in src, please reference 1 file in dest". 

We should add a 
```suggestion
- if `src` is a non-glob path to a single file, then `dest` should include the filename and extension. For example:
```

        "manifest"
    ]
    ```

>     An array of file paths, globs, or {src:string;dest:string} objects that will be copied into the deployment package. This is required to use glob style. You can learn more [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-glob?activeTab=readme#how-to-write-patterns-on-windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An array of file paths, globs, or `{ src: string; dest: string }` objects that will be copied into the deployment package. Make sure to _exclusively_ use forward slashes ( `/` ) for path separators (even on Windows), as backslashes are reserved for character escaping. You can learn more about this requirement [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-glob?activeTab=readme#how-to-write-patterns-on-windows).
```
